.\" Manpage for eos\-payg.conf.
.\" Documentation is under the same licence as the eos\-paygd package.
.TH man 5 "29 Mar 2018" "1.0" "eos\-payg.conf man page"
.\"
.SH NAME
.IX Header "NAME"
eos\-payg.conf — Pay As You Go Daemon Configuration
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.\"
\fB/etc/eos\-payg/eos\-payg.conf\fP
.br
\fB/usr/local/share/eos\-payg/eos\-payg.conf\fP
.br
\fB/usr/share/eos\-payg/eos\-payg.conf\fP
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
.\"
\fBeos\-payg.conf\fP provides the configuration for \fBeos\-paygd\fP(8). It
specifies whether pay as you go is enabled on this machine.
.PP
The configuration file contains a single mandatory section, \fI[PAYG]\fP, whose
keys are described below.
.PP
Default values are stored in \fI/usr/share/eos\-payg/eos\-payg.conf\fP, which
must always exist. To override the configuration, copy it to
\fI/usr/local/share/eos\-payg/\fP or \fI/etc/eos\-payg/\fP. Configuration
in \fI/etc\fP overrides that in \fI/usr\fP.
.\"
.SH [PAYG] SECTION OPTIONS
.IX Header "[PAYG] SECTION OPTIONS"
.\"
.IP "\fIEnabled=\fP"
.IX Item "Enabled="
Whether pay as you go is enabled on this machine. If \fItrue\fP, the
\fBeos\-paygd\fP(8) daemon will run, and \fBgnome\-shell\fP(1) will prompt the
user for pay as you go codes. If \fIfalse\fP, this will all be disabled.
.\"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
.\"
\fBeos\-paygd\fP(8)
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
.\"
Endless Mobile, Inc.
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
.IX Header "COPYRIGHT"
.\"
Copyright © 2018 Endless Mobile, Inc.