.\" Manpage for eos\-paygd.
.\" Documentation is under the same licence as the eos\-paygd package.
.TH man 8 "16 Mar 2018" "1.0" "eos\-paygd man page"
.\"
.SH NAME
.IX Header "NAME"
eos\-paygd — Pay As You Go Daemon
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.\"
\fBeos\-paygd [\-a \fPbus\-address\fB]
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
.\"
\fBeos\-paygd\fP is a manager for the pay as you go state of the system. It
tracks the expiry time of the current pay as you go code, and signals to lock
the system when that expiry time is reached. It allows new pay as you go codes
to be verified and added, causing the expiry time to be extended.
.PP
\fBeos\-paygd\fP is designed to be run by \fBsystemd\fP(1), being
D\-Bus activated. There should be no need to run \fBeos\-paygd\fP
manually. Use the gnome\-shell UI to add codes to extend the expiry time.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.\"
.IP "\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-bus\-address=\fP"
Address of a D\-Bus message bus to connect to. This is intended for debugging
use only. (Default: The system bus.)
.\"
.IP "\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-inactivity\-timeout=\fP"
Inactivity timeout (in milliseconds) to wait before exiting the service if no
code additions have been made during that period. If set to \fB0\fP, the
timeout is disabled and the service will run indefinitely. (Default: Disabled.)
.\"
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.IX Header "ENVIRONMENT"
.\"
\fPeos\-paygd\fP supports the standard GLib environment variables for
debugging. These variables are \fBnot\fP intended to be used in production:
.\"
.IP \fI$G_MESSAGES_DEBUG\fP 4
.IX Item "$G_MESSAGES_DEBUG"
This variable can contain one or more debug domain names to display debug output
for. The value \fIall\fP will enable all debug output. The default is for no
debug output to be enabled.
.\"
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.IX Header "EXIT STATUS"
.\"
\fBeos\-paygd\fP may return one of several error codes if it encounters
problems.
.\"
.IP "0" 4
.IX Item "0"
No problems occurred. The manager ran, responded to zero or more code requests,
and then exited due to being explicitly closed.
.\"
.IP "1" 4
.IX Item "1"
An invalid option was passed to \fBeos\-paygd\fP on startup.
.\"
.IP "2" 4
.IX Item "2"
The D\-Bus name for \fBeos\-paygd\fP was not available.
.\"
.IP "3" 4
.IX Item "3"
\fBeos\-paygd\fP was run in an inappropriate environment, for example
as the root user.
.\"
.SH "FILES"
.IX Header "FILES"
.\"
.IP \fI/lib/systemd/system/eos\-paygd.service\fP 4
.IX Item "/lib/systemd/system/eos\-paygd.service"
\fBsystemd\fP(1) service file which specifies the runtime environment for
\fBeos\-paygd\fP. See \fBsystemd.service\fP(5).
.\"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
.\"
\fBgnome\-shell\fP(1),
.\"
.SH BUGS
.IX Header "BUGS"
.\"
Any bugs which are found should be reported on the project website:
.br
\fIhttps://support.endlessm.com/\fP
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
.\"
Endless Mobile, Inc.
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
.IX Header "COPYRIGHT"
.\"
Copyright © 2018 Endless Mobile, Inc.
