.\" Manpage for eos\-payg\-generate.
.\" Documentation is under the same licence as the eos\-payg package.
.TH man 8 "21 Mar 2018" "1.0" "eos\-payg\-generate man page"
.\"
.SH NAME
.IX Header "NAME"
eos\-payg\-generate — Pay As You Go Code Generation Utility
.\"
.SH SYNOPSIS
.IX Header "SYNOPSIS"
.\"
\fBeos\-payg\-generate [\-q] \fPKEY\-FILENAME\fB \fPPERIOD\fB [\fPCOUNTER\fB]
.br
\fBeos\-payg\-generate \-l
.\"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IX Header "DESCRIPTION"
.\"
\fBeos\-payg\-generate\fP is a utility for generating pay as you go codes to
give to Endless computer users who are paying for their computers using pay as
you go. It can generate any number of codes for a given \fBKEY\-FILENAME\fP and
\fBPERIOD\fP by iterating through the available counter values for those
parameters.
.PP
\fBKEY\-FILENAME\fP should be the path to a file containing a shared key at
least 64 bytes long. This should be kept as secret as possible from users of
Endless OS, as it is the key to generating pay as you go codes.
.PP
\fBPERIOD\fP should be the period which the code will add to the expiry time of
and Endless OS machine when used. Typically this will be a number of days, for
example \fI14d\fP for 14 days. The supported periods are discrete and
non-linear; they can be listed using the \fB\-\-list\-periods\fP option.
.PP
\fBCOUNTER\fP, if passed, should be a single counter value to use to generate a
single code. If omitted, all possible 256 codes for the given period and key
will be generated and listed in order.
.\"
.SH OPTIONS
.IX Header "OPTIONS"
.\"
.IP "\fB\-l\fP, \fB\-\-list\-periods\fP"
List the available periods to pass to the \fBPERIOD\fP argument when invoking
\fBeos\-payg\-generate\fP normally. The other arguments can be omitted when
using this option. (Default: Do not list periods.)
.\"
.IP "\fB\-q\fP, \fB\-\-quiet\fP"
Only output error messages, and no informational messages, as the download
progresses. (Default: Output informational messages.)
.\"
.SH "ENVIRONMENT"
.IX Header "ENVIRONMENT"
.\"
\fPeos\-payg\-generate\fP supports the standard GLib environment variables
for debugging. These variables are \fBnot\fP intended to be used in production:
.\"
.IP \fI$G_MESSAGES_DEBUG\fP 4
.IX Item "$G_MESSAGES_DEBUG"
This variable can contain one or more debug domain names to display debug output
for. The value \fIall\fP will enable all debug output. The default is for no
debug output to be enabled.
.\"
.SH "EXIT STATUS"
.IX Header "EXIT STATUS"
.\"
\fBeos\-payg\-generate\fP may return one of several error codes if it
encounters problems.
.\"
.IP "0" 4
.IX Item "0"
No problems occurred. The utility ran and generated one or more pay as you go
codes.
.\"
.IP "1" 4
.IX Item "1"
An invalid option was passed to \fBeos\-payg\-generate\fP on startup.
.\"
.IP "2" 4
.IX Item "2"
\fBeos\-payg\-generate\fP encountered an error while generating a pay as you go
code.
.\"
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.IX Header "SEE ALSO"
.\"
\fBeos\-paygd\fP(8),
.\"
.SH BUGS
.IX Header "BUGS"
.\"
Any bugs which are found should be reported on the project website:
.br
\fIhttps://support.endlessm.com/\fP
.\"
.SH AUTHOR
.IX Header "AUTHOR"
.\"
Endless Mobile, Inc.
.\"
.SH COPYRIGHT
.IX Header "COPYRIGHT"
.\"
Copyright © 2018 Endless Mobile, Inc.
